CRT Perf tweaks #1 (config and CRT docs) (#5326)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/configuration-settings.rst

This setting isn't available in the System Console and can only be set in ``config.json``.

> This setting has been added as a requirement to support `Collapsed Reply Threads <https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html>`__. If you are experiencing adverse server performance impacts, please consult this `support article <XXXXXX>`_ for recommended remediation.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting has been added as a requirement to support `Collapsed Reply Threads <https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html>`__. If you are experiencing adverse server performance impacts, please consult this `support article <https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276>`__ for recommended remediation.   
```

**True**: Threads a user starts, participates in, or is mentioned in are automatically followed. A new ``Threads`` table is added in the database that tracks threads and thread participants, and a ``ThreadMembership`` table tracks followed threads for each user and the read or unread state of each followed thread.

> **False**: Threads are not automatically followed and Collapsed Reply Threads cannot be enabled.  If you plan to enable Collapsed Reply Threads for your instance, it is not recommended to disable this setting since the server-side tracking of followed threads and unread states is critical to create a smooth transition for end-users when enabling Collapsed Reply Threads in the future.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**False**: Threads are not automatically followed and Collapsed Reply Threads cannot be enabled. If you plan to enable Collapsed Reply Threads for your instance, we don't recommend disabling this setting since the server-side tracking of followed threads and unread states is critical to create a smooth transition for end-users when enabling Collapsed Reply Threads in the future.  
```

.. note::

>    Enabling this configuration setting doesn’t retroactively follow threads for actions taken prior to the setting being enabled. For example, threads a user participated in prior to enabling this setting will not be automatically followed. However, if this setting is enabled and a user adds a new comment on an old thread, they will now automatically be followed to the thread.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enabling this configuration setting doesn’t retroactively follow threads for actions taken prior to the setting being enabled. For example, threads a user participated in prior to enabling this setting won't be automatically followed. However, if this setting is enabled, and a user adds a new comment on an old thread, they will now automatically be followed to the thread.  
```
